[ Music ]
>> Lilou: Hello, my Juicy
co-creators, Lilou here.
This is another beautiful
video interview.
Oh, my goodness we are so lucky
to be sitting here in London
and have this interview
with Manjir.
That is absolutely delicious.
I'm thrilled to be
meeting you in person here
in this amazing space in
London, in the center of London,
what a delight to meet you.
Thank you.
>> Dr. Manjir Samanta-Laughton:
Oh, thank you for inviting me.
I'm delighted to meet-- to
meet you, I heard so much
about you all these years.
>> Lilou: So, tell us about
your story 'cause you've got--
I know you wrote this
book, "The Punk Science".
Let's get into God, [laughs] no
let's get into your story first
so that we can understand
because you used to be aseptic,
you did this-- your
study in London.
Tell us what happened.
>> Dr. Manjir Samanta-Laughton:
Yeah, I mean I was brought
up by my parents, two daughters.
And so I was brought up
in Yorkshire, in the North
of England by medical GPs and I
was expected to be a doctor too
and go on do the whole thing.
You know like good
thing girly-girls do,
and I was skeptic.
I love science, I love the
books by Richard Dawkins
and I thought anything
spiritual was complete nonsense.
You know, I was skeptic.
And all that changed
when I finally got
into medical school,
came here to London.
I was lucky enough to study,
Royal Free Medical School
and it was during freshie's
week that somebody sign me
up for a yoga class and I went
along expecting to do lots
of exercises and, you know, I
was wearing sweats and the rest
of it and instead
we did a meditation,
and my kundalini ways and--
>> Lilou: Did you
know what it was?
>> Dr. Manjir Samanta-Laughton:
I had no idea.
Actually, I'd never heard of
chakras and so when I walked
in the room, there was
a chart with chakras on
and I was looking and
why do I know that?
And my parents are Hindu,
so I was thinking about it,
they tell me this and suddenly
it was like a voice saying,
"You knew this in the
past life in India."
And I was like past lives?
You know, and some part
of me knew it was correct,
but part of me was
still skeptic.
So I was like going,
how can that be true?
Past lives don't exist.
But somewhat, you know,
when you just know?
So, it's my first real
sense of knowing that I was
in the right place
at the right time.
>> Lilou: What do you
mean by kundalini arising?
>> MSL: Yeah.
Yeah, that's a really good
point because kundalini,
people think it's like something
sexual maybe, it can be.
But, what is, is like a coiled
energy that's in the base
of the spine in the sacred bone.
And according to Hindu
tradition, and, you know,
lot of people represent this
in their cultures as well.
This is kind of like a coiled
energy that sort starts to rise
out through the spine, it
cleanses the chakras as it goes,
and it comes out
through the crown chakra
and it actually connects you
from being something who's
like a material and just
thinking of the material world.
What it did with me,
it just connected me
to understanding the
spiritual realms, there's more
to life than the material.
And it can happen in
all sorts of ways.
It can happen through
meditation, it can happen--
I know this woman who-- actually
it happened while she was skiing
and just one time [inaudible].
So, you know, buying
[phonetic] something beautiful.
>> Lilou: It's physical too?
>> MSL: It's-- It's
in the energy body.
But, you know, I've had
since had another kundalini
experience, it felt so physical
like a real snake like
coming off through my spine.
It's totally a like nonphysical
which is why people who--
like I used to be a
completely a skeptical.
But it's the tradition
that's in most--
if you look at even the medical
profession, what do you see?
You see a snake going
up a staff, you know,
so in all the Siddha
healing traditions,
it's represented it just
people don't know what it is.
>> Lilou: So, since then you--
you I mean this changed
your reality,
totally changed your reality?
What happened after that?
>> MSL: Well I still
had five years
of medical school ahead of me.
So, I was in London and whenever
I could, I would, you know,
go to any workshops or anything,
all my spiritual journey
as you do, synchronicities
what happen, you know,
I was just following my past
and getting the right books,
Deepak Chopra, Christiane
Northrup,
any doctors who were
also spiritual which is--
>> Lilou: Caroline Myss?
>> MSL: Caroline--
absolutely, yeah.
And so they were just,
you know, sacred to me
because it was just-- to have
somebody who is in my position
who knew the medical world
and the scientific world like,
you know, Candace Pert was
a great inspiration as well.
So, I was going on this journey.
>> Lilou: And what's fascinating
and what I-- it's that--
what created that event?
Did you look afterwards?
Why did it happen to you
then and at that moment?
>> MSL: You know--
>> Lilou: Because we
all want that really.
>> MSL: It's interesting,
gosh, how to--
'cause I think something
happened I got totally
which is quite similar and
that in the end of the day,
you can do lots of
things, but it's almost
as if it's a higher self.
You actually put these
points in your life
that are planned ahead
even before you're born.
And that's exactly
what it felt like.
And so everybody has got these
points and either you don't need
to be like me, you don't
need to be born a skeptic.
Because being skeptic until I
was 18 was quite useful 'cause
it got me into med school, you
know, 'cause I studied science
and everything like that.
But I didn't need to be skeptic
anymore, so that was my moment.
And having said, you know,
all my life that I've
wanted to be a doctor.
When I got into medical school,
I thought this is not for me,
you know, and so my
resolved completely went
and I didn't-- I
felt really at sea.
And soon after that
somebody signed me up,
even I didn't signed myself.
You know, a friend
actually signed me up
and then she dropped out and I
carried on with this yoga class
and turned up to
the first class.
And so it was something
that was meant to be.
And I think we all do this.
It's all in our higher
self life script.
>> Lilou: I love how we come
off from different background
and there are those
things that happened.
So you're living this
double life and a lot
of us can relate, huh.
How did that go?
>> MSL: Oh gosh, I had
to keep everything quiet.
>> Lilou: Your parents,
too, your family?
>> MSL: My parents didn't know.
And, you know, I left-- oh, I
actually got married as well
when I was still in med
school and that was, you know,
[inaudible] following
my spiritual guidance.
And so, you know, I left home,
I left home, my parents and,
you know, didn't realized
that I was you know this
growing in my spiritual path.
And I started to have
multidimensional experiences
and I qualified as a
doctor, and then I went
on to training to be a GP.
And I already knew that I wanted
to be a speaker and an author.
You know, by the time I
finished medical school.
So, I went ahead and I
trained as a GP and, you know,
I'm quite a practical person,
so when I noticed I was getting
energy coming out in my hands,
I was thinking this
could be quite useful.
So, I came across something
called "Plexus Bio-Energy."
It's a sort of healing modality
based in Ireland, and I trained
with them whilst I
was doing pediatrics.
So I was doing six months as a
pediatric SHO, and I took sort
of a special kind of
pattern of annual leave just
so that I could go-- come
to this area of the world,
Wimbledon, South London.
And I trained with Plexus and
that, again, was the next stage
in my life, because I
trained as a healer.
And not just that, it
opened me up again.
So, I started to have really
multidimensional experiences,
galactic experiences
started to see, you know,
I'd already seen-- I had
several angelic experiences,
seeing angels and things.
And so I started to see the
alien realms are actually
in different dimensions.
So, you can understand
I had to keep all
of this quiet from
my colleagues.
And so all kind of came to ahead
after I finish my GP training
and qualified as a GP and I was
deciding kind of what to do.
And in the time that I
was doing the training,
I just had so many hours
that I had to work.
So, I didn't have time to look
at my marriage which was really
by this time seven years
and we had just gone
in different directions.
So, what happen then was
another thing that, you know,
you've been through this as well
what you think is it's complete
disaster but actually it's the
best thing that happened to you.
But--
>> Lilou: And you
liked it in the end?
>> MSL: I know, I know.
But, you know, so I've initiated
a divorce, and separation
for my husband and my husband
told my parents about my visions
and my sort of-- you know,
what happens in my healing,
shape shifting, you know,
there was even a time
when an alien came into
the bedroom and, you know,
when he was asleep and I could
see it in front of me and I,
you know, did all these
interdimensional travel
and things like, that's
just so spontaneously.
I don't have any kind of
meditation practice anymore.
I think if I did it would
be just too overwhelming.
So, you know, it
just kind of have--
all these things kind
of happen spontaneously.
So, I had told him these things
and I was working
as a GP, you know.
So he said all these
things and tried to make
out that I had lost my mind.
And my parents who didn't
really know about this aspect
of life also were concerned.
So, they initiated
an investigation
into my mental health because,
[inaudible] seeing patients.
So that, you know,
people were concerned
that I wasn't quite right.
And, you know, things like
channelings and things
like that, you know, were
printed off my computer
and taken to the general
medical counsel and all of that,
I had the whole thing.
And it took me a while to
realize and I just thought,
you know what, I'm
meant to quit this.
I actually meant to leave
the medical profession
and I thought the
only thing that's--
because at the end of the
day, no patient had complained
about me, no colleague
had complained about me.
I've not done anything
professionally
that was a misconduct
in any way.
It was purely my ex-husband
and my parents saying this.
So, I just thought--
>> Lilou: Devastating, I mean
the emotions on the right.
>> MSL: Extremely, extremely,
but you know, it's
extremely a lot.
But we're only given
things that we can handle
in a way and though it was--
>> Lilou: You must
be a super warrior.
>> MSL: It was extreme, but
at the other hand I was going,
you know what, there was this
weekend where I lost my house,
I lost my husband, I lost
my career, everything was
in tatters and it was like the
only thing I've got left is
the physics.
You know, now when I look
at the stuff that's been
fascinating me all my life,
content theory, you know,
secretly I've been interested
in all of these things and I've
not done anything about it.
>> Lilou: Quantum
entanglement, I guess?
>> MSL: All of that sort of
stuff, black holes, cosmology,
string theory, it was faster
than speed of light theory.
I was looking at
the cutting edge.
I was doing that when I
should have been studying
for medical school exams and I
was fascinated by the physics.
So, I was fascinated by
the cutting edge and how
that could actually
relate to esoteric ideas,
but I'd not really
done much about it.
>> Lilou: Yeah, so how
do you create a bridge
between the academies
that you had learned
and what you were
seeing in there?
How did you-- because
for us we feel it,
but we don't have
this scientific mind
to understand it.
So, it's brilliant to
have you, thank you.
Thank you for showing up
on earth at this time,
we appreciate what we--
>> MSL: That's exactly
what I did.
You know, it's how
to put this into--
I knew that there was a gap to
put this into easy language,
make it fun, you know.
And, you know, just-- it's
called Punk Science 'cause it's
in your face, it
doesn't need approval
from the academics, you know.
It's going to the people
straight way, you know,
going to the people
first and saying,
we don't need Richard Dawkins
to prove this, you know,
it's going straight
to the people
and it resonates
with the people.
And where they might have
some spiritual experiences,
they can read the book
and the number of e-mails
that keep saying goes,
this is the first book
on this subject that
I understand.
And make it fun too, why not.
>> Lilou: I'm very
fascinated by to--
before going into the
explanations, what did you had--
what have you experienced
on that level
on this multidimensional
levels and how does it--
how does it feel like and
what did that really--
looking back now
where you're at how--
what did it really bring you
and why is there this
communication going on?
'Cause I guess you've
got a lot of information
and all this makes more sense
than when it started, right?
>> MSL: Yeah, yeah.
I mean from being, you know,
that skeptic I have been
mystique now for like 20 years
since that happened,
given people my age now.
And so-- so-- [laughter]
so yeah, it's some--
I don't know how to
describe it 'cause it's kind
of like my everyday
life and I will--
from everything from
seeing peoples--
members of family who have
past on, to hearing some--
you know, obviously hearing
like consciousness come
through you a channel.
I have-- I had an
alien experiences
where I saw this alien
coming to my bedroom.
This is before all
this happened,
it kind of like instead of
this kind of thing that's blob,
that started moving along like,
you know, like a cell wood,
you know, and I wake
up about 3 o'clock
in the morning going why
am I sleeping on my side
and there was this-- I felt
like there were hands in my back
and I was thinking how
could this possibly be
and it was burning, my back
was burning and I looked up
and there was this thing going
out of the door and I was kind,
you know, in this dimension, why
do you have to go out the door.
And I tried to wake
up my then husband
and of course he didn't wake
up 'cause he was not
meant to see this.
And I kind of-- I've
been channeling beings
that call themselves angelus.
So, it's like help
angelus, you know,
because I don't know what this
is and I got this kind of voice
that said, "How did you
know this isn't angelus?"
I was like I don't.
And so what I knew-- it was kind
of like an implant had been put
in my back of a triangle.
And I spent the whole night
like jumping to different areas,
just from consciousness,
into the jungles of Mexico,
seeing pyramids that have
not been discovered yet
and I didn't know until
actually at the time
that that was the case of
lots of pyramids in Mexico,
they're not been discovered,
so I was like going in and out
of all these things just going
wherever my consciousness
took me.
I was seeing different octaves
of reality with different--
I mean, everybody, you know,
probably it sounds really
fantastical but just like music,
there are different
octaves of reality.
And there are beings in
all of these octaves.
And there-- you know, we
talk about aliens getting
in spaceships and coming over.
But they didn't have to,
they're in different frequencies
and they're absolutely
everywhere.
And so, they're just
overlays on every dimension.
And we too, we all
have our human selves.
And we have lots of
different alien selves,
lots of different angelic
selves, all different,
but with-- alien is a
funny word, you know,
it's not really alien.
It's just different
dimensions of ourselves.
And you could even
say the concept
of a guardian angel is just
yourself in a high dimension.
So, I've been blessed
enough to see,
to have angelic experiences
as well with--
>> Lilou: You don't get
scared or-- 'Cause you could--
have been totally coming
from your background,
seeing those things,
I mean, what a shock.
>> MSL: Well, it's been sort
of a gradual and, honestly,
the main thing is, you've
got to keep grounded.
And some-- I'm a very
practical person as well.
And it's really important
not to think,
"I want to have these
experiences.
What can I do?"
And to make ignore going
down, do your shopping,
doing your everyday
stuff, because it's not
about separating
yourself out and go,
"Now I'm being spiritual
and now, I'm not."
And this is just mundane.
Every single thing you
do contains the bliss
and love of the universe.
There is nowhere--
whether-- that doesn't exist.
So even when you're doing--
it's not just about, "Oh,
I need to be mindful here, "
it's actually just connecting
and connecting to
joy and connecting
to bliss wherever you are,
everything is spiritual.
You know, I-- we know
that from, you know,
we know from quantum
theories that, you know,
when you break something down,
there's nothing solid, you know,
it's just a frequency,
it's just a vibration,
it's just information.
So, there's no point going, "OK,
this is where it's
not spiritual,
this is where it's spiritual,'
everything is spiritual.
You know, so--
>> Lilou: You seem so colorful
and such a rich experience
to experience that and most of
us don't see that or some think
but they're not really
totally into that--
it's just it's quite--
it's quite not daunting
but it's quite something
to realize
or to hear that from you.
And to just-- oh my God, all
of these things are going
on that I'm not aware
of, who am I?
How am I going to
relate to reality?
How can I even bring
more of this help here?
>> MSL: Yeah, it's very
important to keep grounded
and also to-- when
something happens
like there's a synchronicity
or a book full of the shelf,
just really blessed
and thank it.
And the more that you thank it,
and don't just go
that's nothing,
it's a coincidences,
it's whatever.
You know, just bless it
because these are your guides
helping you.
And the more that
you acknowledge them,
the more that-- and be grateful,
the more that the
gratitude opens up your path.
So that's a really
important thing to do.
And yeah, it's-- I've actually--
because of the whole
experience I had,
I've actually had a psychiatrist
tell me and completely sane,
so that's one of the-- so it is
also important to be grounded
and a lot of people
don't want to be there,
don't want to be grounded
because of some childhood
trauma, for example.
So it's also important to
do the emotional healing,
a lot of people wanted to escape
into this spiritual realms
and because it's too painful
sometimes to stay in this world.
So, it's really important
to do your emotional work
as well, that's essential.
>> Lilou: Is there-- did
they on the teaching side
on the scientific part,
how do you get that?
How do you-- how do
you make sense of this?
>> MSL: Oh, gosh.
Well, first of all I started
to notice the correlations
between things like
string theory.
So string theory is saying,
stuffs that's very similar
to what the mystics have been
saying throughout the ages.
That reality is vibrations,
that it happens
in different dimensions
and depending
on what vibration you're in,
is where you find yourself.
So, it's very, very similar.
And so when you see the
correlations, I'm not saying
that is proof that, you know,
aliens are in different octaves.
But isn't that interesting
how the ideas are very,
very correlated.
So I started to look at all
of these things, and then,
you know, really and
also because, you know,
quantum physics is also--
say some quantum physicists,
you know, if you actually-- you
probably know that if you look
and really experiment, if
you're doing an experiment,
it changes according
to how we measure it.
So people started to realize
it has something to do
with consciousness, that's
fundamental to reality.
So, you know, when you--
when you take that on board,
then you realize that
consciousness is fundamental.
And you can-- you can
get different dimensions
of consciousness.
So I started to realize things
like that and I also trained
as a healer as I said.
So I realized that a lot of
these ideas in physics can
or maybe explain
things like healing.
That's really where I came from
to trying to help my patients.
I was doing pediatrics and I
was seeing all these children
who are being subjected to
things like radiotherapy,
and I was thinking, you
know, this is 3-year-old,
beautiful 3-year-old, you know.
A particular boy that came
into the ward, I thought,
he was like a little angel.
And I just thought, my
goodness, let's not--
I don't mean to throw
out medical therapy,
but what if we were to
use something like Reiki
and in adjunct to what
he's going through.
I know from my experience as a
healer just how powerful it is,
wouldn't that help his symptoms,
wouldn't help the side effects.
And I realized that
I had to write a book
that even doctors
could understand,
'cause doctors are not very
well versed on physics at all.
So it has to be simple, say,
for the medical profession.
So that was really
where I started out,
never did I ever think
that I would be writing a new
physics theory on black holes.
That was just, you know,
completely [inaudible].
>> Lilou: Yeah, I love the
subtitle, "Inside the Mind
of God", So can you tell
us more about that part?
>> MSL: Gosh, well, at the
end of Steven Hawking's book,
he writes that, you know, one
day we might know the mind
of God and physicists actually
do discuss the mind of God,
you know, Michio Kaku is
quite a famous physicist.
And they're always
talking about this.
And so, when I put
it in this subtitle,
it was kind of a
reference to the mind
of God is basically the
fundamental consciousness.
And we are all inside that
So I was referencing what
physicists talk about.
But unfortunate people think
I'm being religious sometimes.
But what I mean by God
is the big consciousness,
that's what I'm talking about.
>> Lilou: Yeah.
Do you get to prove that
we are actually mini-Gods?
That we are Gods too?
Is that something that
you're looking at?
>> MSL: We-- We're all
aspects of God, absolutely.
You know, and at the
fundamental level when--
for example, if you
look at my theory,
it's all about how we're created
from black holes at
different levels.
And the-- it's from the--
>> Lilou: Once more
[inaudible] explained to us
that because that's really the
core, so let's get into it now.
>> MSL: Well, I mean,
a lot of people know
that black holes are-- I think
the black holes are destructive,
yeah, because that's what
we're being told for, you know.
You know, it's 50 years
or more, you know,
that there's this big
ghastly monsters out in space.
And when we actually started
to look at the data though,
there were some funny
things going on.
And a lot of things come out of
black holes like electrons and,
you know, also a, say, a
matter or antimatter also,
it's the particles that are
coming out of black holes.
And so, what I realized I
had this, you know, massive--
I wouldn't call it a vision,
but it's like-- 'cause I got--
I was already developed
as a mystic, you know.
Back in 2003, which is after all
the, you know, losing the house,
the job and everything like
that and I actually had to--
'cause I wasn't earning I
had to move into my old house
with my ex-husband 'cause
that was my house, you know.
And so, he actually
felt really bad
that everything had gone too
far and he was supporting me.
So I was able to
sort of contemplate
and start to write the book.
And so I was out in the woods
and I suddenly had this vision
and I realized, well, I became
kind of one with the universe
and I saw this aspect
of the universe.
And let me tell you this
so much more, this is--
the black hole principle, as
I call it, is just a tiny bit
of what there is to come.
You know, when-- the
world is infinite,
there's so much knowledge.
So I realized that all
these particles are coming
out of black holes because
they're being created
by black holes.
And what happens is the-- mind
of God is kind of the center
of the black hole which is at
the center of all galaxies,
that's what astrophysics
have found,
black holes at the
center of all galaxies.
And it kind of spirals through
the higher dimensions beyond the
speed of light.
So the speed of light is not
the speed limit of the universe,
it's just the limitation of
what we call our reality.
I now call it the
perception horizon.
So it gets to the edge of our
reality which is at the speed
of light and then the
light splits into two
and it becomes a particle matter
and a particle of energy matter.
And that's what we see
coming out, at the speed
of light coming out of galaxies.
So we can actually
measure the particles
and astrophysicists don't know
why these particles are coming
out of these black holes
at the speed of light.
But in my theory, the reason
why they're doing that is
because they're just
slow down to our reality
so that we can measure it.
Does that make sense?
>> Lilou: Starting too, we're
coming from a non-scientific.
I'm catching up, yes, yes.
>> MSL: So-- You
know, so I've realized
that these aren't the
destructive things,
they're actually creative
and that's the data
are actually backs up.
And it's kind of like a
breathing process, you know,
like the breath of
the [inaudible].
You know, so then the
particles also go the other way,
they combine again and
they produce a matter
and antimatter combine again
and they produce light.
And that forms the gamma
rays that we can see
without telescopes as well.
So you get the edge
of the black hole,
there's this beautiful
breathing process,
that it breathes one way
and it produces the matter
and antimatter and
that produces stars
and us and everything else.
And it also goes the other way
and that produces the gamma
ray burst, which is a type
of very fast type of light.
And I realized that
that's happening
at every single level, so--
>> Lilou: What you mean
by at every single level?
>> MSL: It's not just black
holes at the center of galaxies,
I realized it's the same process
that's happening in atoms,
it's happening in our DNA, you
know, DNA winds and unwinds
and it produces lights.
You now, it happens at the
level of the sun, you know,
the sun produces neutrinos,
antineutrinos and it was this--
if you see the sun it
keeps ejecting out.
You know, so there're all sorts
of evidence too much to go into.
I mean, if somebody wants to
know the scientific evidence
with all the references,
you know,
you'll have to read the book
because it's too
much to go into now.
But it's happening at
every single level,
the chakras are actually
black holes.
So it's the same black hole
process creating our bodies,
coming in from the higher
dimensions at different levels
and that produces our
bodies and our aura.
I'm saying that the auras
actually the antimatter region.
So, you know, the chakras are
also the major black holes
of the body.
You know, so when you
actually piece it together,
you see that everything
is happening at--
in the same method, you know,
every single level
of the universe.
And so, at the center of
every single black hole,
is the same mind of God.
So, you know, the same
infinity that's at the center
of the galactic black hole
is the same infinity that's
in your chakra, it's all one.
So, that--
>> Lilou: That means
interconnected.
>> MSL: Absolutely, everything
is interconnected and that's
when non-locality can happen
because it's an aspect
of every part of you
has an infinite aspect.
And that's why you--
we're all parts of God.
You know, we're being
created from the light of God,
the mind of God, at every single
moment, every single level.
>> Lilou: Fantastic!
On the DNA level, what
have you discovered?
Because a lot of people
speak of this during DNA
that actually would be an
interface to those dimension?
Is that something, what
is your research showing?
>> MSL: It's interesting
'cause, I mean,
I'm not somebody who's actually
out there doing the studies
but I've seen that the
studies where the DNA winds
and unwinds according to
the emotions of the person
that it's been taken from.
And, I've started to look at
things like biophoton emissions,
I don't know if you
heard this on,
but let me tuck it,
talking about that.
but--
>> Lilou: You know, Lynne
actually was supposed
to interview her in London.
I have to follow-up on that,
I even Twittered her [inaudible]
France but since were I'm
in England I might as
well re-- yeah-- the--
you have to read this book on
the intention experiment is
that right and the bond?
>> MSL: Yeah, she talk-- I think
she talks about the biophotons
in her first book, "The Field".
So, you know, and she talks
about Fritz-Albert Popp
who I actually knew
all before the book.
But she does such
a good explanation.
And so, you know, Fritz-Albert
Popp is a German scientist
who actually looked at the light
coming off the body and just
as the black holes in the
galactic level, they are pulsing
out and sometimes
the gamma rays,
sometimes they're
antimatter and matter.
The astrophysicists
don't know what this is
about because they think
everything is exploding,
but it's actually this gentle
pulsing from the galaxies.
It's the same in the body.
He discovered that a healthy
body will gently pulse light.
And so I think it's coming
from the DNA, from the cells,
you know, obviously we'd have
to do more studies on that.
And he also realized
that people who are sick,
the pulsing doesn't go strongly.
And there's was one moment
where I realized that, OK,
the work of certain oncologist
like cancer doctors and things
like that, have found, there's
a guy called Palmer [assumed
spelling], who have discovered
that when people get
an emotional shock,
it can lead to cancer.
So very, very sort of,
you know, strong shock.
I thought what is a shock?
A shock is when you get--
part of your consciousness
gets stuck in space and time.
What's space and time?
Antimatter, matter.
So what would happen is if
you get a shock, you know,
it stays your in memory?
And the shamans call it--
>> Lilou: You keep on--
>> MSL: You keep on
reiterating it on your on mind.
And a lot of healing, whether
it'd be shamanistic or whatever,
is going back to that
shock to uncover,
it could be subconscious,
and trying to heal,
what you're actually doing is
you're bringing that antimatter
and matter of your consciousness
together into light.
>> Lilou: Soul retrieval.
>>MSL: Soul retrieval, that's
what you're actually doing.
You're going back to pick the
particles of your consciousness
from that and this what John
Demartini talks about, you know,
where he actually
bring the matter
and the antimatter
together in light.
So I thought to myself now,
if I'm light, then the--
what will happen is
when you get a shock,
you get a more antimatter
and matter.
Now when you get more antimatter
and matter that's
producing more stuff,
more stuff, more cancer cells.
You know, so you're going
more to the balance of stuff.
You know, and I thought
to myself,
if that's right then the light
of the body should diminish
because you're not
going, you know,
you're not balancing anymore
and pulsing between the matter
and antimatter in
the light, you know,
when normal body is doing
this, it's breathing.
So when you get ill,
when you get cancer,
you're going more towards
that which is producing
more cancer cells.
And I went to check the
studies, Fritz-Albert Popp,
and indeed that's what he found.
When people get cancer,
their light diminishes.
So that was the nervous moment
for me because I thought
if I've got that wrong, then
maybe the whole theory is wrong.
But so it even happens at
the level of your body.
So, I know that I'm probably not
known for this but, you know,
it's very, very important to
do the wonderful therapies
on emotions that
people are doing the
so many therapies
now, EFT, you know.
And really do those soul
retrievals and, you know,
that's the way to
actually bring the matter
and antimatter together of your
consciousness, it maybe stuck
in this life from something that
you experienced in this life,
or even in the past life.
>> Lilou: Where does
it go when it's stuck?
>> MSL: It's just your
consciousness can be
subconsciously still ruminating
over something that happened.
And the trauma, you
know, kind of get stuck
in your consciousness
being and it's--
and I've actually done the
therapy myself where, you know,
the past life personality,
you release the emotions
of what happened back then.
And the past life personality
appears on that person's face.
The person completely shapes
shifts and the releases happened
and the person in
this life is free to--
feels a lot freer
from that emotion.
And sometimes it get's so light
that you can't remember
what it is.
Five minutes later you
cleared it and so that sort
of therapy whatever you're
drawn to, you know, is very,
very important to keep
that black hole breathing
within your whole being as well.
>> Lilou: Is there some
other practice through to
so that we can live fully?
>> MSL: I think doing
the emotions which a lot
of spiritual people are,
you know, kind of like,
oh you can't go into emotions,
it's dirty, that
stuff, you know.
It's very important and to not
do the whole positive thinking
and stuff.
I think what Demartini
says is absolutely spot on.
You've got to do balance
thinking, you know.
So always think about--
>>Lilou: Zero point?
>> MSL: Yeah, the zero
point and the center.
The zero point is a light;
the polarities of the matter
and antimatter and our
journey in life really is
if a situation is bugging
us, we've got to look at, OK,
what's this reflecting in us?
Well how is this reflecting me?
Why is this triggering me?
And you can either do it
yourself, just meditate on it
or take out your computer,
ask some questions, you know,
or write it down in a piece
of-- it doesn't need to--
you don't need to
spend any money on this
if you're not drawn to do so.
You could get the
assistance of a therapist.
Just see how it's
reflecting you;
you will be amazed what comes
up from your subconscious.
And when-- once you see one, oh
this reminds me of, you know,
back when my mom said this
or, you know, whatever--
even it can go to past lives.
Then that situation once you
understand it and resolve it,
it collapses into light.
But if you continuously go
no, I got to think positively,
I'm going to push
that away, then--
and you don't take the
messages from your reality,
then you'll get it again and
again, because we're not here
to just be another
night and, you know.
We're here to learn because
that expands our frequency.
And the more that you look
at your reality and go, "OK,
how can I integrate this?
What lessons am I
learning from this?
How is this reflecting
me and do that work?"
The more that-- it's not
about positive thinking,
it's about balance thinking
and you bring that into light
and your frequencies actually
expand, you're able to take
out more of the dimensions,
you know, if people really want
to know how to live with
multidimensional life,
you're able to take a
more of that and move
on to the next stage
of your life.
Whilst we're here, we never stop
learning, but it does expand.
And if you know these
principles,
your life does change.
I talked about having the
magical life and it really--
you're probably-- it seems like
you're living a magical life
and it really does change
your life into a magical path
when you start to see reality
in this way that everything is
about reflection
and consciousness
and that you can integrate
that and become centered.
So it's not about
positive thinking,
it's about centered
and balance thinking.
>> Lilou: Yeah, positive
or negative.
>> MSL: You got to
look at the polarities.
If something is bothering
you, why is it bothering you?
And then why is that polarity,
and integrate that polarity
so you bring the matter and
the antimatter into light.
Just like Demartini says, we
now have the black hole science,
the astrophysics to back up what
John Demartini has been saying
for years.
>> Lilou: What are you
working on now and how--
what is the implication?
I mean, when was this book out?
>> MSL: It actually
came out in 2006.
The first paper was in 2003,
so it's 10 years
of the black hole--
>> Lilou: Happy birthday!
>> MSL: And I'm still
finding so many new things.
For example--
>> Lilou: Are you still
coherent with everything
that you all ready wrote?
>> MSL: I'm going to be
bringing out a new eBook edition
which is going to be updated
with all the new research 'cause
I made a number of predictions
in that book which
NASA have proved.
They don't actually
understand what I'm looking at.
For example, in that book I
said that, does black holes
in the supra-atmosphere are
called terrestrial gamma ray
flashes and they-- just the
same gamma rays that happen
in black holes and galaxies and
they happen in thunderstorms.
And so I thought thunderstorms,
what you get in thunderstorms,
rain, you get electrons
through the lightning, you know.
So I thought there's something
about water that gets released
in black hole activity.
They since they found water
even in the distant far reaches
of the cosmos, you know,
it's the galaxy really is
out into space, they found
water coming out of black holes.
So that's something
that I predicted back
then, that's an exclusive.
No, I've not told anybody else.
It hasn't been published yet,
so you're getting
the exclusive today.
So, you know, stuff like
that I'll be updating.
Also being working
on a movie, so Punk--
>> Lilou: You have
lots of interview, huh?
You were telling me about that.
>> MSL: Yeah, let's
try all goods stuff,
like wonderful people
at Bristletone and--
>> Lilou: Where's
the documentary?
>> MSL: Sorry?
>> Lilou: When is coming
out and what is it?
We need to have it in Gaiam.
>> MSL: If people go to
punksciencemovie.com and sign
up there, you'll be the
first to know what's going
on so you can see the
trailer and it's very exciting
so I'm doing that, I'm
bringing in a number of--
if you want to actually
understand what's behind all
these living a magical life.
You see a lot of people
know that quantum physics
that gives you certain
level of reality
but this is the next level.
You know, we've heard quantum
physics for a hundred years.
This is-- the black hole
stuff is the next level,
so a number of people
around the world talking
about black holes
being fundamental now.
I don't know if you have hear,
Nassim Haramein and people--
>> Lilou: Yeah, I was
interviewing him in Kauai.
>> MSL: Exactly.
So it's--
>> Lilou: I miss you Kauai,
to all the Kauai people
because I know you're watching.
Oh my God, face and all the
whole gang, I love you guys.
I had to because
they're so awesome.
Have you been there?
>> MSL: No, I'd love to.
I'd love--
>>Lilou: Magical land.
>> MSL: It's just
so-- so, you know,
it's coming to all
corners of the planet.
You know this new level of
reality and so it's time now.
So if people want to know
how to live like this,
how to apply the black
hole physics, I'm bringing
out a number of online courses.
So, you know, so I've
got punksciencemovie.com,
paradigmrevolution.com,
punkscience.com,
those are the websites
if you want to watch
out for the new courses so
that you can apply black hole
to your life, move beyond
quantum physics and, you know,
so it's opening up that magical
life and how live like this.
>> Lilou: Thank you so much.
I've really enjoyed this video.
I've enjoyed spending this
moment with you and I want
to get more and I want
to give you a big kiss my
Juicy co-creator.
So I hope you have
enjoyed this magical moment
and that it has brought
many things in your life
and this is the book
"Punk Science".
Thank you so much.
>> MSL: Well thank you, it's
been lovely meeting you.
>>Lilou: Much, much love
my delicious co-creators
like some will speak
about magic.
Living a magical life,
[Background Music] this is what
we're living right now, I feel.
I'm very present to it.
Thank you.
Much, much love.
Bye.
[ Music ]